[Music]
very good how are you my dearest
Lovers of the heart I hope you are
having a Spectacular day of
covers By the way soon we will be
talking about the covers that come out today and
well I wanted to share with you this
tweet that I have published on my
Twitter profile because the truth is that it has made me
laugh a lot and I think that we should not
overlook this because it is
very, very important information
before continuing with the video and
telling you what I wanted to tell you I am
going to ask you please to subscribe
to the Channel there is simply a little button
down there that says subscribe and it is
completely free
simply click on the
subscribe button and you will automatically become
part of this great family that we are
creating that we are super united and that we
are having a great time together
commenting on the gossip well
This is a very curious thing, very,
very curious and the truth is I am not
going to lie to you either that it surprises me it is
something that I have already explained on several
occasions but this would confirm it and they are
completely evident
by sálvame la interview  what
Olga Moreno did in Ana Rosa was on Monday on
Monday Olga Moreno went to Ana Rosa in the morning
and therefore all the
gossip press all the twitterers all the
youtubers and even all the
gossip programs were commenting on
Olga Moreno's interview today was
Tuesday when I was recording this video
maybe you were watching on Wednesday
but well today was Tuesday they
spent a large part of the afternoon of
Sálvame analyzing Olga's facial gestures
as you are seeing on screen
okay the facial language this
woman comes and analyzes it not
this woman who by the way maybe I
'm freaking out maybe I'm
wrong but it sounds to me like this
lady is represented by Agustín Etien
no this woman is not the one who is the partner or
wife of one of the directors of
Sálvame Alberto Cabezón and is
represented by Agustín etiem Olga's partner
maybe I'm freaking out and I
'm getting confused tell me from
the comments box but I would swear that I would
swear that I'm not wrong well they are in
charge of analyzing the laughs
and the organ gestures there is that if she
makes this face it's because she's nervous if she
touches her nose It's because you're lying and she
touches an ear it's because she's in love
anyway those things that are supposed to have
some sense no, for that reason this person has
studied that what I find very
curious is that in the last few hours today
Tuesday we had a bombshell that for
me is worth making the front pages Why Because
the moment when the subject interested them they
commented on it And they filled many
hours of programs with it and it is that Rocío
Carrasco filed a criminal complaint against
Olga Moreno and Belén Esteban and the
director Alberto Cabezón
for revealing a Secret according to her
Okay According to her it was a revelation of a
Secret because it was reported on Sálvame that
Rocío Carrasco owed money to the
community of Madrid well To begin with, I
personally consider that if someone
owes a large amount of money, whether to the Treasury
or to any other
administration of the Well, of the
public State, no I mean anyone who
owes money to the people, I think that
this data has to be in the
public domain I mean if there is someone who owes
money to the Treasury  Hacienda We are all
okay so if there is someone who has not
paid this who has not paid the other who does
not pay taxes everything that
people owe in this sense should not be
considered anyone's privacy
but well she considered that she could
take criminal measures because Olga as
Antonio David was in survivor no
sorry in Big Brother VIP so she opened the
letter and Olga according to Carrasco well she
imagined that she was the one who passed the
information to Belén Esteban and then
Belén Esteban gave that news on
the program mental gymnastics that
has absolutely nothing to do with what
is a crime of revealing a
Secret a crime of revealing a
Secret would be that you obtain the
personal data of someone or the
secrets of someone but when
we talk about Secret we talk Maybe about banking
data banking information
that I tell you a medical history a
legal history could not be a
secret a police history also could
not but above all personal data like
that Olga receives a letter because
she has the permission to open
her husband's letters while her
husband is in the Big Brother house
In case it is something important whatever it is
she as  wife who is and also with
her husband's permission opens the letter and finds
out about this well the issue
was not Olga who told Belén
Esteban but Rocío Carrasco tried to
negotiate with Belén Esteban according to what they
said she would take away the complaint she would take her
off the case if Belén Esteban told
Who was the one who gave the information
Rocío Carrasco's whole intention and whole obsession is to make
these people's lives miserable Olga
Antonio David the resentment and she does everything the
same you lose all the cases okay
but well what surprises me is
that we are here dedicating hours to the
program about Olga's facial gestures in her
interview and that it is not and that
this news is not given it
is not newsworthy that Olga Moreno and the
provincial audience
reject a complaint against Rocío Carrasco
a complaint that has
a lot to do directly with your program and
which you have also talked about
a lot
in fact it seems to me that in the first
season in the first documentary
this complaint was talked about now suddenly
Rocío Carrasco loses it and it is not even mentioned
not a word is said this is like when
Rocío Carrasco is being asked Well I do
n't know if it's a year in prison for the issue
of family abandonment I don't think it's
worth it some news came out that
Rocío Carrasco will soon have a trial
for the complaint filed by her son that
news is not given either So you
are not informants you do not have the
intention of commenting on all the
news of the heart you are a
Rocío Carrasco fan club as
I am putting there in that tweet no the only
intention you have is to kiss
Rocío Carrasco's ass any
press medium whether written or television
that is willing It
has to release all the news
if it's good for Rocío Carrasco if it's
good for Antonio David whatever
but these people only And once again
with this they have demonstrated it and have been
completely exposed they
are only giving biased information this
means that Rocío Carrasco is not
defending her now and they are not talking about
her case because it seems fair because it
seems real they have not become
pets
[Music]